Apache broke
RAID broke
It borked
Fang lost its fang.
Error.  Server currently busy thinking up weak excuses
Ben Cousins did it
Mate, you got any jumper leads?
We ran out of computer culture references
Cougar Bourbon $25.99 at the local. Try refreshing page again in a couple of days
A religion thread in The Lounge has taken on other forms
The cat keeps jumping on the keybsysffdjh
SHAFT project on indefinite hold.  Interim KNOB project implemented instead
This could take a while.  Anybody know any good jokes?
You've been Jeffed.
Wheelslip
An old friend came in from outta town, my tux didn't come back from the cleaner's, there was an earthquake...
The butler did it
Connecting the server to the CityRail overhead didn't, in fact, triple the clock speed.  Hoodathunkit?
Secret handshake not recognised
Server has stopped caring
Some days you just couldn't be bothered
D'OH!
Do you think anyone'll notice?
Is software. Is dirty, rotten nogoodnik, Boris
Out boozing.
Linux kernel patched to speak only in Latin
'scusie. Is Effie the cleaner. Dev team no here. I think they go all day. Clint's Crazy Bargains is have BIG special on plastic Spock ears.
Aah....... right. Um.... Not much use waiting around here, is it?.... Wanna come back to my place?
Middle order crumbled after lunch.
Already called the RACV. Shouldn't be too long.
Already called the NRMA. Shouldn't be too long.
What mean "format"?
Diverted to Adelaide.
The hamster died.
No soup for you! One year!
Busy making tea.
What's that burning electrical smell?
More coal!
Waiting for the Fonz to come and snap his fingers.
WILMAAAAA!!!!!
Fang pulled the power.
Short attention sp..
I'm sorry sir, I can't serve you any more. Would sir like a taxi?
Bananas in the diff.
Error Message 001: There's something wrong with it.
Stereotypes crashed the server. Luckily, we've got a skinny, brainy Asian guy and a fat stay-at-home white boy with glasses to come and fix it.
Intermission.
A Ron Jeremy jpeg crashed it.
I'll admit the connection isn't as good here in the Canary Islands as it was in Syd... hey, you're not from the ATO, are you?
Game over. Insert coin(s).
Hard disk platter seems to have been replaced with a pizza
Police! Arrest the driver of that steamroller for running over Fang!
Toll is attempting a hostile merger
Oh, you're GERMAN! I'm sorry, I thought there was something wrong with you!
Error #1126: I don't like that thread
Fang falled in the water!
MGH does the work of three men: Curly, Larry and Moe
SPOOOOOOOOON!!!!!!
Aht, aht, ahaa. You didn't say the magic word.
Computer says nooooooooo
Nope, Fang doesn't float. 
Get offa mah bandwidth boah! 
Natives speared it.
Yeah, but no, but yeah, but no, but...
It's only "binge drinking" if you stop...
You can't have 'manslaughter' without 'laughter'
Due to staffing changes at Digital Ocean, server maintenance is now assigned to Effie the cleaner